huhuuu
So like she wanted me to like work on my technique first.
So she was like, if you can get the technique done, then you're going to sound so much better. So don't
and do it next year.
I wanna at least try. And then like, yeah, that's what happened.
She didn't want me to do it.
yeah thank you
thank you but
hahhh
haaa
Did they like suggest all the pieces to you?
ohhh
mmmmm
Mmmm
she said no
Oh, you haven't asked?
Mmmm
oh really
Wait, so like how fast do you go through pieces?
Like how long does it take you guys to like
we (***) one piece
I meant like, with the teacher. Like, when are you done having lessons?
on that piece because it's taking me a long time
Like, to get through all these pieces right now.
And I just don't know if they expect me to do more or like...
So we switch teachers, right? So I do Korngold with Bardi.
But then, since I've been taking lessons with Pagosian, I've been doing Beethoven IV.
I don't know, I just feel like we're never getting through the first movement.
well today I finished it but like
He was also mad that I didn't bring a piano yesterday.
We're just not making any progress besides my sub chicks
Yeah
I see. Okay, that makes me feel a little better.
Mmm
okay
okay That makes me feel better because I can't tell if he's like really manner
me for not making any progress okay
(***)
Mmmm
Mmm
huhuuu
haaaa
huhuu